{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 Thank you for your interest! Please contact us with the style, color, size, so we can create a custom order for you. Once an order is processed, the merchandise will be made and shipped.\
\
Orders\
\
All orders within the domestic US will be shipped on business days (Monday through Friday, excluding national holidays). You will receive a shipping confirmation with a tracking number when your order ships. Overnight shipping is available upon request. \'a0\
\
Sizing\
\
We\'92ve taken the utmost care in creating sizes to flatter and fit different women. Please use our guide when selecting your size. If you are between sizes, we recommend choosing the larger of the two sizes, as taking a garment in is easier than letting it out. \'a0Please email us with any questions or concerns. We are happy to assist.\
\
Custom Orders\
\
Please contact us regarding custom orders/sizing.\
\
Return/Exchange Policy\
\
We offer store credit or exchanges on regular priced items within 14 days of receipt. \'a0After 14 days, all sale are final. \'a0Custom orders are not available for exchange or refund. \'a0All merchandise must be returned unworn, unwashed, in their original condition and packaging. \'a0Aideux has the right to deny a return if the merchandise returned does not meet our return policy requirements. \'a0\
\
Can I try on the clothes?\
\
We love to meet with clients in person in New York City. \'a0Please contact us to set up an appointment.\
\
If you are not in the area, we also can lend up to 3 samples out per client (if available). We will charge a refundable deposit on the value of the clothes, and non-refundable shipping. The clothes must be returned in the same condition, within 5 days, or the full value will be charged.\'a0\
\
When should I order my so that my clothing arrives on time?\'a0\
\
Turnaround will vary, we will let you know about individual styles\'92 times when you contact us. All pieces may take up to 15 weeks to create until they are shipped out. If you need a rush order please message us as soon as possible, additional charges may apply.\
\
Where do I go for alterations?\'a0\
\
We recommend looking towards your local bridal seamstress to accommodate any minor alterations necessary. We do not provide this service in-house.\'a0\
\
I can't afford it all now, can I pay over time in 2 payments?\'a0\
\
We live to accommodate our amazing brides. We allow for paying 50% front in a non-refundable deposit, while the other half to be paid in 30 days from the original payment. Ask us!\
\
How should I clean my piece after the wedding?\'a0\
\
We recommend that all of our brides have their clothes dry cleaned after their big day. After dry cleaning has been completed, hang on original hanger, with a protective cover.\
}